Updated the ListDetailsView doc (#304)
MicrosoftDocs/WindowsCommunityToolkitDocs: docs/controls/MasterDetailsView.md

![MasterDetailsView animation](../resources/images/Controls/MasterDetailsView.gif)

## Windows 10X

> The [MasterDetailsView Control](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.toolkit.uwp.ui.controls.masterdetailsview) is spanning-aware and adapts it self for multi screen devices like found on Windows 10X devices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [MasterDetailsView Control](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.toolkit.uwp.ui.controls.masterdetailsview) is spanning-aware and adapts itself for multi-screen devices like found on Windows 10X devices.

```

Reviewer: Couple Typos

| DetailsContentTemplateSelector | DataTemplateSelector | Gets or sets the DataTemplateSelector for the details presenter. |
| MapDetails | Func<object,object> | Gets or sets a function for mapping the selected item to a different model. This new model will be the DataContext of the Details area |
| MasterCommandBar | CommandBar | Gets or sets the Windows.UI.Xaml.Controls.CommandBar for the master section |
| MasterHeader | object | Gets or sets the content for the master pane's header |
| MasterHeaderTemplate | DataTemplate | Gets or sets the DataTemplate used to display the content of the master pane's header |
| MasterPaneBackground | Brush | Gets or sets the Brush to apply to the background of the list area of the control |
| MasterPaneWidth | double | Gets or sets the width of the master pane when the view is expanded |
| MasterNoItemsContent | object | Gets or sets the content for the master pane's no items presenter |
| MasterNoItemsContentTemplate | DataTemplate | Gets or sets the DataTemplate used to display the master pane's no items presenter |
| MasterItemTemplateSelector | DataTemplateSelector | Gets or sets the DataTemplateSelector for the master list items |

> | NoSelectionContent | object | Gets or sets the content to dsiplay when there is no item selected in the master list |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| NoSelectionContent | object | Gets or sets the content to display when there is no item selected in the master list |

```
